# Mayden Burg Heavy Carrier // 2.21.5014u

Listen up, you have all been independently contracted for an under-wraps operation. Your skills and experience make you valuable assets, but your discretion and discreetness should be heavily favored in this operation. The information you provided has been distributed to your squad members for the sake of familiarizing you all. Now lets get to business.

Union intelligence intercepted a Harrison Armory (HA) communication two standard weeks ago, HA intel suggests they found something on the planet Rafvas 38-J. After surveillance spotted massive blast of energy being discharged at a Harrison testing facility, the planet became host for an operation Codenamed **GHOST**. Normally, Harrison Armory would be allowed to operate as they please, but with the threat of an escalating conflict which could culminate in a second Interest War, HA must be kept in line. 

A Union sanctioned Lancer, callsign **PHANTOM**, was dispatched to infiltrate the nearby settlement known as Heritage, then gain access to the facility and end whatever HA was working on. Shortly after he made landfall with the facility, he relayed that he had stolen a important system to their operation. After which, all communication went dark, including any planetary tracking we had on him. When our systems came back online, the lancer was no where to be seen, and stranger, the facility had been destroyed, with noticable aging. This aging included floura and fauna visible within the facility, as well as massive structural damages. 

With the threat of whatever **PHANTOM** found on site being recovered by HA, **Operation Exorcist**, and thus the First Rafvas Company, has been approved for deployment on planet. Your goal is to retrace **PHANTOM's** steps once he made landfall, gather whatever data he found, and keep it from HA's possession, the Dawnline Shore may rest in the balance. 

END OF BRIEF.
